docs/setup/secure-settings.asciidoc, before:

[[secure-settings]]
=== Secure settings

Some settings are sensitive, and relying on filesystem permissions to protect
their values is not sufficient. For this use case, Kibana provides a
keystore, and the `kibana-keystore` tool to manage the settings in the keystore.

NOTE: All commands here should be run as the user which will run Kibana.

[float]
[[creating-keystore]]
=== Create the keystore

To create the `kibana.keystore`, use the `create` command:

[source,sh]
----------------------------------------------------------------
bin/kibana-keystore create
----------------------------------------------------------------

The file `kibana.keystore` will be created in the `config` directory defined by the
environment variable `KBN_PATH_CONF`.

[float]
[[list-settings]]
=== List settings in the keystore

A list of the settings in the keystore is available with the `list` command:

[source,sh]
----------------------------------------------------------------
bin/kibana-keystore list
----------------------------------------------------------------

[float]
[[add-string-to-keystore]]
=== Add string settings

Sensitive string settings, like authentication credentials for Elasticsearch
can be added using the `add` command:

[source,sh]
----------------------------------------------------------------
bin/kibana-keystore add the.setting.name.to.set
----------------------------------------------------------------

Once added to the keystore, these setting will be automatically applied
to this instance of Kibana when started. For example if you do

[source,sh]
----------------------------------------------------------------
bin/kibana-keystore add elasticsearch.username
----------------------------------------------------------------

you will be prompted to provide the value for elasticsearch.username.
(Your input will show as asterisks.)

The tool will prompt for the value of the setting. To pass the value
through stdin, use the `--stdin` flag:

[source,sh]
----------------------------------------------------------------
cat /file/containing/setting/value | bin/kibana-keystore add the.setting.name.to.set --stdin
----------------------------------------------------------------

[float]
[[remove-settings]]
=== Remove settings

To remove a setting from the keystore, use the `remove` command:

[source,sh]
----------------------------------------------------------------
bin/kibana-keystore remove the.setting.name.to.remove
----------------------------------------------------------------

Commit message:

Adds documentation to clarify kibana-keystore behaviour (#157146)
## Summary
Addresses #155474

We've discussed with the team, and decided that we'd retain current
behaviour, and adjust the docs and notes around the behaviour.

fix(keystore): add warning note to explain that input is being JSON
parsed
docs(keystore): add documentation to clarify behavior

### Checklist

- [x]
[Documentation](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/kibana/master/development-documentation.html)
was added for features that require explanation or tutorials

### For maintainers

- [x] This was checked for breaking API changes and was [labeled
appropriately](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/kibana/master/contributing.html#kibana-release-notes-process)

(cherry picked from commit 58650c55456fbcf418f7a75edf98de32238f6bea)

docs/setup/secure-settings.asciidoc, after:

[[secure-settings]]
=== Secure settings

Some settings are sensitive, and relying on filesystem permissions to protect
their values is not sufficient. For this use case, Kibana provides a
keystore, and the `kibana-keystore` tool to manage the settings in the keystore.

NOTE: All commands here should be run as the user which will run Kibana.

[float]
[[creating-keystore]]
=== Create the keystore

To create the `kibana.keystore`, use the `create` command:

[source,sh]
----------------------------------------------------------------
bin/kibana-keystore create
----------------------------------------------------------------

The file `kibana.keystore` will be created in the `config` directory defined by the
environment variable `KBN_PATH_CONF`.

[float]
[[list-settings]]
=== List settings in the keystore

A list of the settings in the keystore is available with the `list` command:

[source,sh]
----------------------------------------------------------------
bin/kibana-keystore list
----------------------------------------------------------------

[float]
[[add-string-to-keystore]]
=== Add string settings

NOTE: Your input will be JSON-parsed to allow for object/array input configurations. To enforce string values, use "double quotes" around your input.

Sensitive string settings, like authentication credentials for Elasticsearch
can be added using the `add` command:

[source,sh]
----------------------------------------------------------------
bin/kibana-keystore add the.setting.name.to.set
----------------------------------------------------------------

Once added to the keystore, these setting will be automatically applied
to this instance of Kibana when started. For example if you do

[source,sh]
----------------------------------------------------------------
bin/kibana-keystore add elasticsearch.username
----------------------------------------------------------------

you will be prompted to provide the value for elasticsearch.username.
(Your input will show as asterisks.)

The tool will prompt for the value of the setting. To pass the value
through stdin, use the `--stdin` flag:

[source,sh]
----------------------------------------------------------------
cat /file/containing/setting/value | bin/kibana-keystore add the.setting.name.to.set --stdin
----------------------------------------------------------------

[float]
[[remove-settings]]
=== Remove settings

To remove a setting from the keystore, use the `remove` command:

[source,sh]
----------------------------------------------------------------
bin/kibana-keystore remove the.setting.name.to.remove
----------------------------------------------------------------
